Here is a detailed police report for the vandalism incident based on the provided parameters:

POLICE REPORT
Case No: 2023-04157

Crime: Vandalism 

Date/Time of Incident: April 12, 2023, approximately 11:30 PM

Location: 825 Lakeview Ave, abandoned Gilbert Textile Mill 

Summary of Incident:
On the evening of April 12th, a report came in regarding sounds of destruction and banging noises emanating from the long-abandoned Gilbert Textile Mill on Lakeview Ave. Upon arrival, officers discovered extensive damage to the exterior of the east wing of the building.

Multiple windows had been smashed in, with shards of glass littering the grounds below. Several large holes were found in the exterior brick walls, indicating a heavy tool or object had been used to create the damage. 

Evidence at the scene included a sledgehammer lying on the ground near one of the breached walls. Distinct impressions and markings from the sledgehammer head were found in the damaged areas of brick and mortar.

No suspects were found on the premises during the initial sweep, but it appears at least one or more individuals forcibly entered the unsecured building through the smashed windows and breached walls. Once inside, the perpetrator(s) proceeded to cause wanton and malicious damage by demolishing interior walls, doors, fixtures and any remaining equipment using the sledgehammer.

Destruction and debris was concentrated in the main factory area, with overturned machinery, insulation and ceiling materials strewn about. Graffiti markings in red spray paint were also found on some interior walls, though the markings did not immediately identify any particular group or individuals.

At this time there are no credible leads as to who committed this act of vandalism against the abandoned mill property. The building has been vacant for over 15 years and was already in a severe state of disrepair prior to this incident.

The case has been forwarded to the Vandalism Unit for further investigation. Any witnesses or individuals with knowledge about this incident are urged to contact the police department immediately.