Here is a detailed fake police report based on the given parameters:

POLICE REPORT
Case #2023-0416-078

Crime Type: Home Invasion 

On the night of April 16th, 2023, a quiet residential neighborhood in the city was rocked by a brazen home invasion. At approximately 2:15 AM, the residents of 457 Maple Lane were awoken by the sound of shattering glass. 

Modes of Accessing the Victim:
The perpetrator(s) gained entry by breaking a window on the ground floor of the home. No tools were used, indicating they likely used brute force such as kicking or throwing an object through the glass. Once inside, they made their way upstairs to the master bedroom.

Type of Force Used:
When the homeowners, John and Jane Smith, awoke to the commotion, they were met with extreme violence. The perpetrator(s) physically assaulted Mr. Smith, rendering him unconscious with severe blows to the head and torso. No weapons appear to have been used in the assault besides the perpetrators' own fists and feet.

Weapons Used in the Crime: None

Mrs. Smith was then bound and gagged using clothing and household items found in the residence. She was threatened at knifepoint, though the knife was taken from a kitchen drawer and did not appear to be brought to the scene by the perpetrator(s).

The home was ransacked during the invasion, with valuables such as jewelry, electronics, and cash being stolen. The total value of the stolen goods is currently estimated at $27,500. 

After an unknown period of time, the perpetrator(s) fled the scene, leaving Mr. Smith critically injured and Mrs. Smith deeply traumatized. Neighbors did not report hearing or seeing any vehicles leaving the area.

The investigation is ongoing and police are canvassing the neighborhood for any potential witnesses or security camera footage that may aid in identifying the perpetrator(s) of this vicious crime. Descriptions of the individuals involved are still being determined.

Anyone with information regarding this case is urged to contact the police department's tip line immediately.