Here is a detailed police report for the arson case based on the provided parameters:

INCIDENT REPORT
Case #: 2023-04271
Incident: Arson
Date/Time: April 15, 2023, 2:17 AM

On April 15th at approximately 2:20 AM, the fire department received a call reporting a structure fire at 825 Griffen Street, an abandoned textile mill that has been vacant for over 10 years. Upon arrival, firefighters encountered heavy smoke and flames billowing from the east wing of the dilapidated three-story building. 

After working for several hours to extinguish the blaze, fire investigators were called to the scene to determine the cause and origin of the fire. Evidence at the scene indicated that an accelerant, believed to be gasoline, had been used to start the fire. Traces of the accelerant were found near a door that had been forced open on the east side of the structure.

Security camera footage from a neighboring business captured two individuals dressed in dark clothing approaching the abandoned mill around 2:00 AM. One of the individuals was carrying what appears to be a gasoline canister. The suspects are seen entering through the forced door and remaining inside for approximately 10 minutes before fleeing the area just prior to smoke becoming visible.

Inside the structure, fire investigators located multiple points of origin where ordinary combustible materials had been purposefully soaked with the accelerant and ignited using matches or a lighter. Scorch patterns and debris fields are consistent with the use of an open flame device to initiate the fires.

At this time, the motive behind this act of arson remains unknown. The abandoned mill did not have any operational value and was slated for demolition later this year. Arson investigators are reviewing additional evidence recovered at the scene in hopes of identifying the perpetrators.

The fire caused significant damage to the east wing of the mill, but thankfully did not spread to any adjacent structures. There were no reports of injuries related to this incident.

Anyone with information about this case or the identity of the suspects is urged to contact the Denver Police Department's arson tip line at 555-0199 or report anonymously to Metro Crime Stoppers.