Here is a detailed fictional police report for an arson case based on the provided parameters:

POLICE INCIDENT REPORT
Case #2023-04182

Date: April 18, 2023
Time: Approximately 2:15 AM
Location: 825 Main St, Anytown USA - Abandoned McAllister Textile Mill 

INCIDENT SUMMARY:
On April 18th at around 2:15 AM, the Anytown Fire Department responded to reports of a large fire at the abandoned McAllister Textile Mill on 825 Main St. Upon arrival, firefighters encountered the eastern wing of the three-story brick building fully engulfed in flames. After a two-hour battle, the fire was brought under control, though the eastern wing suffered extensive damage. 

EVIDENCE AND FINDINGS:
Investigation of the scene by the Arson Investigation Unit revealed suspicious circumstances surrounding the origin of the fire. Traces of an accelerant, believed to be gasoline, were detected near a broken window on the ground floor of the eastern wing. A partially burned book of matches was also recovered from the debris inside.

Security footage from a nearby business captured two individuals dressed in dark clothing approaching the abandoned mill around 1:45 AM. One individual is seen forcing open a ground floor window with a crowbar before both entered the building. Approximately 20 minutes later, smoke is visible billowing from the same window.

SUSPECTS:
The two suspects have not yet been positively identified. Descriptions based on the security footage are as follows:

Suspect #1: Male, approximately 5'10", medium build, wearing a dark hooded sweatshirt, blue jeans, and black sneakers.

Suspect #2: Male or female, slender build, wearing a black jacket, dark pants, black boots or shoes. Face concealed by a baseball cap and mask.

CHARGES:
Pending identification of the suspects, charges are expected to include arson of a structure, burglary, criminal trespassing, and possession of an incendiary device.

The Arson Investigation Unit and Criminal Investigations Division are actively following up on leads. Anyone with information about this incident or the possible identity of the suspects is urged to contact the Anytown Police Department at...