Here is a detailed fake police report based on the provided parameters:

Incident Report #2023-04157
Crime Type: Arson

On the night of April 23rd, 2023, the Centerville Police Department received multiple 911 calls reporting a large fire at Acme Warehousing on the outskirts of town. Officers arrived on scene at approximately 11:47 PM to find the west wing of the warehouse fully engulfed in flames. 

Evidence at the scene indicated that the perpetrator(s) used bolt cutters to breach the perimeter fencing and gain access to the warehouse grounds. Security footage shows a single individual dressed in dark clothing and a ski mask approaching the west wing entrance just after 11:00 PM. 

The suspect is then seen using some type of prying tool to force open the warehouse's side entrance door. Once inside, the perpetrator appeared to douse the interior with an accelerant, presumed to be gasoline based on the speed and intensity of the blaze.

Multiple points of origin were identified by arson investigators, suggesting the fires were set intentionally at various locations throughout the west wing. Charred book matches were recovered, likely used as igniters.

The rapid spread of the fire prevented employees working the night shift from evacuating immediately. Two warehouse workers sustained minor smoke inhalation injuries and were transported to Centerville General Hospital for treatment.

Inventory records show that the west wing contained products and materials valued at over $3 million. The extent of the loss has yet to be determined, but initial estimates put the damage into the millions.

Police are actively investigating for leads and any potential suspects. A state fire marshal and ATF agents have been called in to assist due to the large scale and criminal nature of this arson case. A reward is being offered for any information leading to the identification and apprehension of those responsible.

If you have any knowledge about this crime or noticed any suspicious activity in the area that night, please contact the Centerville Police Department immediately at 555-0199.