Here is a detailed fake police report based on the provided parameters:

POLICE REPORT #2023-07182

Crime Type: Counterfeiting 
Date of Incident: May 12th, 2023
Location: 345 Industrial Way, Centerville

On the evening of May 12th, the Centerville Police Department received an anonymous tip about suspected counterfeiting activity taking place at a warehouse located at 345 Industrial Way. Officers were dispatched to investigate.

Upon arrival, officers noticed the large warehouse appeared vacant from the outside with no signs of activity. However, a strong chemical odor could be detected coming from around the back loading bay area. 

After obtaining a search warrant, the SWAT team breached the premises and discovered an elaborate counterfeiting operation spanning nearly half the warehouse space. High-quality printing equipment, ream upon ream of specialized paper, industrial ink reserves, and other counterfeiting materials were seized.

In total, over $7 million in fake $100 bills were recovered, all in various stages of the printing process. The counterfeit currency was extremely well-produced and would have been very difficult for the average person to distinguish from authentic legal tender.

Evidence suggests the criminal organization was not only producing the fake cash for distribution, but was also counterfeiting popular product merchandise like designer clothing, handbags, watches, and more. Shipping manifests indicate the fake goods were being sold and distributed both domestically and internationally over the dark web.

No suspects were apprehended on the scene as the warehouse appeared to have been evacuated hastily prior to the raid. However, fingerprint and DNA evidence has been collected and is being processed to identify the individuals involved in this large-scale counterfeiting ring.

The United States Secret Service has been contacted and will be taking over the investigation moving forward in coordination with our department. More details will follow as they become available.

Reporting Officers: Det. J. Henderson, Officer K. Ramirez