Here is a possible detailed fake police report based on the parameters provided:

Police Report #2022-07182

Crime Type: Human Trafficking 

On July 15th, 2022, the Denver Police Department received a tip from a concerned citizen about potential human trafficking activity happening at a massage parlor called "Oasis Spa" located at 325 Colfax Ave. An undercover sting operation was set up immediately.

Over the course of 3 days, undercover officers witnessed multiple young women, potentially underage, being transported in vans with blacked-out windows to and from the spa location. The women appeared malnourished and showed signs of physical abuse and drugging. 

On July 18th at approximately 10pm, a SWAT team executed a raid on the spa. During the raid, 8 victims were rescued - 5 women between the ages of 16-25 from Thailand, 2 women aged 19 and 22 from China, and 1 woman aged 30 from Ukraine. 

The victims all showed signs of long-term physical and sexual abuse. Interviews revealed they had been lured from their home countries through fraudulent recruitment schemes promising legitimate spa employment in the US, only to have their travel documents confiscated upon arrival. They were then forced into prostitution at massage parlors, working 18-hour days, 7 days per week.

Three suspects were also apprehended during the raid and are currently in custody:

Zhang Pau, 54 year-old male, believed to be the ringleader managing the human trafficking operation.
Oleg Dimitrov, 39 year-old male, suspected of managing finances and money laundering.  
Amara Sukhon, 28 year-old female, suspected of being a recruiter luring victims from Thailand.

No weapons were found on the premises. The victims did not report any weapons being used against them, only threats, intimidation, and physical force from their captors.

The investigation is still ongoing to find additional co-conspirators and victims involved in this human trafficking ring. The rescued victims are being cared for by advocacy groups...