Here is a detailed fictional police report based on the provided parameters:

POLICE REPORT #22-07418

Incident Type: Burglary 
Date/Time: 08/14/2022, 2:17 AM
Location: 415 Oak Tree Lane, Oakwood 

On the morning of August 14th, the Oakwood Police Department received a call from a resident at 415 Oak Tree Lane reporting a burglary that had occurred overnight. 

Upon arrival, officers interviewed the homeowner, Sarah Thompson, age 36. Ms. Thompson stated that she was awoken around 2:15 AM by the sound of shattering glass coming from the rear of the home. When she went to investigate, she discovered that the back window in the kitchen had been broken and several rooms had been ransacked.

The crime scene investigation revealed that the perpetrator(s) had used a pry bar and hammer to smash through the kitchen window, allowing for forced entry into the residence. Once inside, the burglar(s) proceeded to rifle through the home, overturning furniture and emptying drawers. It appears their intent was to locate valuables such as cash, jewelry, and electronics.

Fortunately, the homeowners had a security system installed which was activated during the break-in. The security footage captured grainy images of a single male suspect wearing a dark hoodie, gloves, and a baseball cap. He did not appear to be armed with any firearms or other deadly weapons.

Detectives are reviewing the video evidence and processing the scene for fingerprints, DNA, and other physical clues left behind by the perpetrator(s). The pry bar and hammer believed to have been used in the break-in have been collected as evidence.

The total value of items stolen is still being determined by the homeowners, but it is believed that several thousand dollars worth of valuables were taken during the burglary. No one was harmed during the incident.

Neighbors are being interviewed and have been advised to be on the lookout for any suspicious activity. Anyone with information regarding this crime is urged to contact the Oakwood Police Department at 555-0199.

This remains an active and ongoing investigation by the Oakwood Police Burglary Unit. More details will be released as they become available.