Here is a detailed fictional police report based on the parameters provided:

POLICE INCIDENT REPORT

Case #: 2023-04617
Incident Type: Fraud  
Date/Time Reported: April 15, 2023 / 2:17 PM

Reporting Officer: Det. Sarah Blake, Fraud Investigation Unit

SUMMARY OF INCIDENT:

On April 14, 2023, the victim, John Roberts (67), reported that he was the target of a fraud scheme that resulted in financial losses totaling $87,500. According to Roberts, on April 10th he received a call from an individual claiming to be an agent with the Internal Revenue Service. The suspect, who went by the name "Michael Johnson", informed Roberts that he owed back taxes from previous years and failure to immediately pay these taxes would result in his arrest.  

Roberts stated that "Johnson" sounded extremely convincing and had specific personal details about Roberts' employment history and income. Intimidated by the threats of arrest and penalties, Roberts followed "Johnson's" instructions to withdraw $87,500 from his retirement accounts and load the funds onto reloadable gift cards. He then provided the card numbers to "Johnson" over the phone.  

Once the transaction was completed, "Johnson" ended the call abruptly. It was at this point Roberts realized he had been deceived and was the victim of a scam. He immediately contacted his financial institutions in an attempt to stop the gift card redemptions, but the funds had already been drained from the cards.

INVESTIGATIVE DETAILS:

- The suspect used an internet-based VoIP phone number that is untraceable.
- No tools were used to gain physical access, as the crime was committed remotely using technological deception.
- No physical force or weapons were used in the commission of this crime.

The total financial loss to the victim is $87,500. The Fraud Investigation Unit is treating this as a top priority case and is working with federal agencies to attempt to trace the flow of the stolen funds. The suspect remains at large.

Investigating Officers:
Det. Sarah Blake
Det. Michael O'Reilly