Here is a detailed police report for an environmental crime involving illegal dumping of hazardous waste:

INCIDENT REPORT
Case #: 2023-04271
Reporting Officer: Det. Sarah Miller  
Date/Time Reported: 04/27/2023 10:15 AM

INCIDENT DETAILS:
On the morning of April 27th, 2023, a call came in to the police department's hotline reporting suspicious activity at an abandoned industrial site on the outskirts of town. The caller, who wished to remain anonymous, stated that several unmarked trucks had been seen entering the site late at night over the past week and appeared to be illegally dumping materials.

I was dispatched to investigate along with Officer James Clark. Upon arriving at the site located at 2378 Griswald Road, we encountered a highly disturbing scene. Large volumes of chemical waste and barrels containing unknown hazardous substances were haphazardly strewn about the grounds of the former GreenTech manufacturing plant. 

Several areas of the soil appeared discolored and contaminated. Chemical odors permeated the air, making it difficult to breathe without respiratory protection. Based on our initial observations, it is apparent that this site has been used as an illegal dumping ground for toxic industrial waste over an extended period.

We immediately cordoned off the area and notified the Environmental Crimes Unit as well as the state's Department of Environmental Protection. Hazmat crews were dispatched to properly identify, contain and remove the dumped waste materials. The cleanup and environmental remediation efforts are expected to be extensive and costly due to the severe contamination present.

At this time, no suspects have been apprehended related to this environmental crime. However, an investigation is ongoing that includes:
- Analyzing soil/water samples from the site to identify the hazardous materials
- Reviewing security camera footage from surrounding areas 
- Interviewing potential witnesses in the nearby vicinity
- Investigating ownership/operators of the industrial plant 
- Examining trucking manifests and records to identify waste haulers

Those responsible for recklessly and illegally dumping hazardous waste at this location have put the safety of the local community at significant risk. Depending on the quantities and types of materials involved, the perpetrators could be facing felony charges including illegal transportation and disposal of toxic substances, environmental pollution, and criminal violations of the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts among others.

I will continue to aggressively pursue all leads related to this case. Preserving the health of our environment and holding those accountable who show blatant disregard for environmental regulations is of the utmost importance.

Reporting Officer: Det. Sarah Miller
Badge #: 07292