Here is a detailed fake police report for the crime of embezzlement, based on the provided parameters:

POLICE REPORT
Case #2023-04107

Crime: Embezzlement

Date/Time of Incident: Between January 1, 2022 - March 31, 2023

Location: Diversified Financial Solutions, 345 Corporate Plaza, New York, NY

Summary of Incident:
This report details an extensive embezzlement scheme carried out by the former Chief Financial Officer of Diversified Financial Solutions (DFS), William Jennings (53). Over a period of at least 15 months, Jennings systematically misappropriated funds and assets entrusted to his care and oversight at DFS.

Through a complex web of fraudulent accounting entries and unauthorized wire transfers, Jennings embezzled an estimated $7.2 million from DFS accounts into his own personal offshore accounts. The funds were taken from investment portfolio accounts managed by DFS on behalf of clients.

Jennings abused his position, authority and access privileges to circumvent internal auditing controls and coverup his illegal activities. He created fictitious "administrative fee" charges that were booked against client accounts, with the fees then being diverted to accounts he controlled.

In addition to the embezzled funds, Jennings is accused of misappropriating ownership of two luxury vacation properties in the Bahamas that were listed as corporate assets of DFS. Deeds for the $3.8 million oceanfront estate and $1.5 million private island villa were fraudulently transferred into holding companies Jennings controlled.

The scheme began to unravel in late March 2023 when discrepancies were discovered during a quarterly audit review. Jennings failed to report to work on March 28th and security camera footage revealed him removing boxes of files from his office on the previous evening. 

Jennings had no known accomplices and acted alone in carrying out the embezzlement. No weapons or force were used, as Jennings simply took advantage of his position of authority over financial accounts to carry out the illegal transfer of funds and assets.

Jennings remains at large and is wanted by the FBI on charges of embezzlement, money laundering, wire fraud and falsifying business records. His last known residence was an upscale apartment on Park Avenue in New York City.

Any information leading to the apprehension of William Jennings should be reported to the FBI financial crimes unit immediately.