Here is a detailed fictional police report based on the provided parameters:

INCIDENT REPORT

Case Number: 2023-04187
Crime: Assault 
Date/Time: April 12, 2023 / 11:45 PM
Location: 215 Oak Street, Apartment 3B, Oakwood

VICTIM:
John Roberts
Male, 32 years old

SUSPECT: 
Michael Davis 
Male, 28 years old
No permanent address

NARRATIVE:
On the evening of April 12th, officers responded to a report of an assault at 215 Oak Street, Apartment 3B in the Oakwood neighborhood. Upon arrival, we made contact with the victim, John Roberts, who had visible injuries to his face including a bloody nose and swollen left eye.

Roberts stated that earlier that evening, he had heard a knock at his apartment door. Looking through the peephole, he did not recognize the individual but saw it was a male. Roberts opened the unlocked door and the suspect, later identified as Michael Davis, immediately forced his way inside the apartment.

Once inside, Davis began accusing Roberts of spreading rumors about him around town. Roberts denied the allegations, but Davis became increasingly agitated. Davis then engaged Roberts in a physical altercation, repeatedly striking him in the face with closed fists.

The assault continued for several minutes until Roberts was able to break free and run out of the apartment to call police from a neighbor's residence. Davis fled the scene on foot prior to officers arriving. 

Roberts was treated at the scene by paramedics for a broken nose, black eye, and other facial contusions and abrasions. He was then transported to Oakwood Regional Hospital for further evaluation.

EVIDENCE:
- Statements from victim
- Photograph of victim's injuries
- No weapons recovered

The suspect, Michael Davis, has no known permanent address but is known to frequent the Oakwood area. He has an extensive history of violent crimes. A search is currently underway by the Oakwood Police Department to locate and apprehend Davis on charges of assault and battery.

This case will be forwarded to the District Attorney's office for prosecution pending the arrest of the suspect.