Here is a detailed fake police report based on the parameters provided:

INCIDENT REPORT
Case #: 2023-04516
Date/Time Reported: 4/12/2023 02:14 AM  
Location: 815 River Road, Abandoned Graystone Warehouse 

INCIDENT DETAILS:
On the night of April 11th, the Centerville Fire Department responded to reports of a large fire at the abandoned Graystone Warehouse on River Road. Upon arrival, the building was fully engulfed in flames. After a lengthy effort, firefighters were able to extinguish the blaze in the early morning hours of April 12th. 

Investigation of the scene found clear signs that this was a case of arson. Forced entry into the building was discovered, with the front entrance having been pried open. Inside, multiple points of origin for the fire were identified, indicating an accelerant had been used to start and spread the flames rapidly.

Remnants of matches and a plastic gas can were found amidst the debris. Traces of what is believed to be gasoline were detected by arson investigators. The quick-burning nature of the fire and total destruction of the structure are consistent with the use of an accelerant like gasoline.

The Graystone Warehouse has been vacant for over 5 years after the company went bankrupt. The property is owned by Centerville Development Corp but has fallen into disrepair and become a target for vandals and trespassers. No immediate motive has been established for this arson.

Investigators will be reviewing any available security camera footage from nearby buildings and seeking any witnesses who may have seen suspicious activity in the area before the fire started. The crime scene has been thoroughly processed for evidence, but no suspects have been identified at this time.

This case is being classified as arson in the first degree, which is a felony offense. Anyone with information about this incident is urged to contact the Centerville Police Department's tip line. A reward of $10,000 is being offered for information leading to the identification and arrest of those responsible for this destructive crime.