Here is a detailed fake police report based on the given parameters:

POLICE INCIDENT REPORT
Case No: 2023-0415-078

Date: April 15, 2023
Time: 2:37 AM
Location: 128 Corporate Park Dr, Suite 300, Ashburn, VA 20147

Incident: Burglary/Theft

On the morning of April 15th at approximately 2:37 AM, officers responded to a call reporting a break-in at the corporate offices of TechEdge Solutions. Upon arrival, the officers found signs of forced entry through the main entrance door lock.

According to the night security guard on duty, John Smith, he was making his regular rounds when he noticed the door to the main lobby was ajar around 2:30 AM. Upon further inspection, he found that the lock had been tampered with and picked.

Reviewing the security footage, a single perpetrator dressed in dark clothing and a baseball cap can be seen approaching the main entrance around 2:15 AM. The individual is seen kneeling by the door and working on the lock with what appears to be a professional lockpicking kit. After approximately 10 minutes, the perpetrator gains entry to the lobby.

The suspect then proceeds down the main hallway towards the executive offices. Footage loses the perpetrator for a period as there are no cameras in the executive area. However, at approximately 2:35 AM, the suspect is seen exiting the same hallway carrying a large black briefcase.

Forensics were called to the scene and were able to lift several usable fingerprints from the door handle and lock area. The security team has compiled a list of recently terminated employees as well as pinpointed approximately $75,000 worth of computer equipment and confidential prototypes that were taken from the executive offices.

No signs of forced entry into the executive area and no evidence of weapons being used during the crime. The perpetrator appears to have relied solely on skilled lockpicking to gain access.

The suspect remains at large and the investigation is ongoing. Police are actively following up on leads and processing any evidence from the scene. Anyone with information regarding this incident is urged to contact the Ashburn Police Department at...