Here is a detailed fictional police report based on the provided parameters:

POLICE INCIDENT REPORT
Case #2023-04187

Nature of Incident: Burglary 

Date/Time of Incident: April 12, 2023 / Between 9:30 PM - 11:45 PM

Location: 547 Maple Grove Lane, Oakwood

Victim(s): 
- John and Emily Wilkins, residents 

Summary of Incident:
On the evening of April 12th, a burglary occurred at the Wilkins residence located at 547 Maple Grove Lane in the suburban neighborhood of Oakwood. The victims, John (38) and Emily (36) Wilkins, returned home around midnight after having dinner and a movie to discover signs of a forced entry and their home ransacked. 

The perpetrator(s) appear to have gained access by breaking the kitchen window located on the side of the house using physical force. Evidence at the scene indicates the use of a pry bar or similar tool to force open the window. Once inside, the burglar(s) ransacked the home, tossing contents from dresser drawers and overturning furniture in what seems to be a search for valuables.

Witness statements from the neighbor, Mrs. Judy Parnell, indicate she heard loud banging noises sometime between 9:30 PM and 10 PM but dismissed it at the time. The Wilkins' were not home during this window of time based on showtimes and restaurant receipts confirming their evening out.

No suspects were apprehended at the scene. However, law enforcement recovered a set of lock picking tools determined to have been discarded by the perpetrator(s) in some bushes behind the residence. Forensics is analyzing these for potential evidence.

The total loss from the burglary is pending the victims' full inventory, but the Wilkins' report a laptop computer, jewelry box, and around $300 in cash were stolen. There are no known witnesses to the actual crime, and no immediate suspects have been identified.  

The case has been forwarded to the Property Crimes division for further investigation. Canvassing of the neighborhood and analysis of the recovered physical evidence is ongoing.

Case Status: Open/Active Investigation