Here is a detailed fictional police report based on the parameters provided:

POLICE INCIDENT REPORT

Case Number: 2023-04281
Report Date/Time: 04/15/2023 02:14 AM

Crime Type: Home Invasion/Burglary 

On the night of April 14th, 2023, at approximately 1:30 AM, a home invasion occurred at 742 Maple Lane. The victims, John and Jane Smith, were awakened by loud noises coming from the first floor of their residence. Upon investigating, they were confronted by three masked intruders who had gained entry by breaking a rear window with a crowbar. 

Modes of Accessing Victims:
The suspects immediately overpowered the homeowners through physical violence, restraining them with zipties. They threatened the victims at gunpoint and demanded to know the location of valuables.

Common Tools Used to Access Secure Location:
In addition to the crowbar used for forced entry, the perpetrators appeared to have rudimentary lockpicking tools and a small handheld drill, likely used to compromise any locked areas or safes.

Type of Force Used: Physical violence was employed to subdue the homeowners, including punching and kicking. The female victim, Jane Smith, suffered a broken nose and bruised ribs from the assault.

Weapons Used in the Crime:
The suspects brandished handguns, described as small caliber semi-automatics, possibly .380 or 9mm. They threatened deadly force if the victims did not cooperate.

Over the next hour, the home was ransacked as the suspects stole jewelry, electronics, cash and other valuables. The total value of the stolen property is estimated at over $75,000.

The victims were bound and locked in a basement room before the suspects fled the scene in what is believed to be a late model dark colored SUV, possibly a Ford Explorer or Chevrolet Tahoe.

Forensic technicians were able to recover several pieces of evidence at the scene, including fingerprints, DNA samples, and shoe/tire impressions. This evidence is being processed in an effort to identify the perpetrators.

The investigation is ongoing. Any persons with information related to this crime are urged to contact Detective J. Callahan at 555-0192.