Here is a detailed fictional police report based on the provided parameters:

POLICE INCIDENT REPORT

Case Number: 2023-04785

Crime Type: Home Invasion 

Date/Time: April 17, 2023 / 2:15 AM

Location: 457 Oak Tree Lane

Victim(s): John and Mary Roberts

On April 17th at approximately 2:15 AM, officers responded to a 911 call regarding a home invasion in progress at 457 Oak Tree Lane. Upon arrival, officers encountered the victims, John and Mary Roberts, who were visibly shaken and had sustained minor injuries.

According to the victims' statements, they were awoken by loud noises coming from the first floor of their residence. John Roberts went to investigate and was immediately confronted by two masked intruders in the hallway. 

Modes of Accessing Victim:
The perpetrators gained entry by removing the screen from an unlocked ground-floor window at the rear of the home. No tools were used to gain access.

Type of Force Used:
When confronted by John Roberts, one of the suspects struck him in the face with a closed fist, causing a minor laceration above his left eye. Mary Roberts was then forcibly restrained by the second suspect using zip ties.

Weapons Used in the Crime:
No weapons were brandished or used during the commission of this crime.

The suspects then proceeded to ransack the home, overturning furniture and emptying drawers and closets. It appears the primary motive was theft, as several valuables and an undisclosed amount of cash were taken.

After approximately 20 minutes, the suspects fled the scene on foot. A K-9 unit was deployed to track the suspects, but the trail went cold after several blocks.

Evidence collected at the scene includes fingerprints, shoe impressions, and fibers. The investigation is ongoing as detectives review residential surveillance footage and follow up on potential leads.

The victims were treated at the scene by paramedics for their minor injuries. They have been advised to secure all potential entry points and to be vigilant about their personal safety going forward.

This report has been prepared by Officer David Matthews, badge #4572. Any additional information should be forwarded to the investigating detective, Sam Brown, at the East Precinct.