Here is a detailed fictional police report based on the parameters provided:

POLICE REPORT
Case #2023-0416-187

Crime Type: Home Invasion/Burglary  

On the night of April 16th, 2023, officers responded to a call reporting a home invasion in the Westbrook neighborhood. Upon arrival at 458 Maple Lane, the officers encountered a shaken homeowner, Mrs. Jane Doe, who reported that her home had been broken into and valuables were stolen.

According to Mrs. Doe's statement, she had been asleep in her bedroom when she was awoken by a loud noise coming from the living room around 2:30 AM. As she went to investigate, she was confronted by an intruder dressed in dark clothing and a ski mask. The suspect gained entry by smashing the rear patio door with a large rock found in the backyard.

Modes of Accessing Victim:
The suspect threatened Mrs. Doe with physical violence, brandishing a knife taken from her kitchen drawer. He demanded that she reveal the location of any valuables in the home. Out of fear for her safety, Mrs. Doe complied and led the suspect to her jewelry box and a lockbox containing cash and important documents.

Common Tools Used to Access Secure Locations: None
The report indicates that no specialized tools were used to access secure areas of the home. The suspect gained entry through forced entry by breaking the patio door glass.

Type of Force Used:
The suspect used intimidation tactics and the threat of physical force by wielding a kitchen knife taken from the premises. No actual physical force was reported against Mrs. Doe.

Weapons Used in the Crime:
A large kitchen knife, likely taken from the victim's kitchen drawer, was brandished as a weapon during the home invasion.

After collecting the valuables, the suspect fled the scene on foot. Mrs. Doe reported the incident to the authorities immediately after the suspect's departure.

Forensic teams have been dispatched to process the scene for potential evidence and fingerprints. Canvassing of the neighborhood is underway to locate any potential witnesses or surveillance footage that may aid in identifying the suspect.

The investigation remains ongoing as detectives work to apprehend the perpetrator of this brazen home invasion and burglary. Any individuals with information relevant to this case are urged to contact the police department immediately.