Here is a detailed fictional police report based on the provided parameters:

POLICE REPORT 

Case #: 2023-04619

Crime Type: Burglary, Aggravated Assault 

Date/Time of Incident: April 16, 2023 - 2:37 AM

Location: 125 Oak Tree Lane, Oakwood

Victim(s): 
- John and Mary Smith, residents 

Suspect(s): Unknown at this time

Summary of Incident:
On the morning of April 16th at approximately 2:37 AM, police received a frantic 911 call from the residents of 125 Oak Tree Lane reporting a home invasion in progress. Officers were dispatched to the scene immediately.

Upon arrival, they found evidence that the perpetrator(s) had used a glass cutter to gain entry through a rear window of the home. A crowbar was also found near the broken window frame, likely utilized to pry it open once the glass was cut. 

Inside, the officers encountered Mr. and Mrs. Smith who had sustained minor injuries from being physically assaulted by the intruder(s). Mrs. Smith had a laceration on her forehead from being struck with an unknown blunt object, while Mr. Smith was nursing a possibly fractured wrist from attempting to fight off the assailant(s).

According to the victims' statements, they were awoken around 2:30 AM by loud noises coming from the kitchen area. As Mr. Smith went to investigate, he was immediately confronted by a masked individual wielding what appeared to be a baseball bat. A struggle ensued as the intruder attempted to subdue Mr. Smith with force. 

Mrs. Smith recounts being pulled from the bedroom by her hair when she tried to call 911. She was struck in the head, temporarily dazing her, and her phone was violently taken away before she could make the call for help. Fortunately, in the commotion, the victims managed to set off their home security alarm which likely scared off the perpetrator(s) before they could take anything of value.

Evidence collected at the scene included:
- Shoeprints near the broken window (casts made)
- Crowbar with potential fingerprints 
- Baseball bat with suspected bloodstains
- Hair samples from Mrs. Smith's bedroom

The motive remains unclear at this time, but the violent nature of the crime and evidence of premeditation via tools used to bypass security measures indicate this was likely an attempted robbery or home invasion. 

The investigation is still active and ongoing. Any individuals with information about this incident are urged to contact the Oakwood Police Department immediately.