Here is a detailed fake police report based on the provided parameters:

INCIDENT REPORT
Case #: 2023-04611
Date/Time: April 15, 2023 / 2:37 AM 

Type of Crime: Home Invasion, Robbery
Modes of Accessing Victim: Forced Entry 
Common Tools Used: Crowbar, Lockpicking Tools
Type of Force Used: Physical violence, destruction of property
Weapons Used: Handgun, Knife

NARRATIVE:
On April 15th at approximately 2:37 AM, officers responded to a panic alarm activation at 457 Maple Lane. Upon arrival, they found the front door badly damaged with clear signs of forced entry. 

Inside, the residence was in disarray with overturned furniture and broken belongings strewn about. The homeowners, John and Jane Doe, were located in the upstairs bedroom bound with zip ties and bearing signs of physical assault.

According to the victims' statements, they were awoken around 2:15 AM by loud banging noises downstairs. Two masked intruders, one armed with a handgun and the other with a large knife, then kicked in their bedroom door. The suspects immediately struck Mr. Doe in the face with the butt of the handgun, knocking him to the floor.

Mrs. Doe attempted to flee but was restrained by one of the suspects who put her in a choke hold while demanding to know the location of their valuables. When she did not immediately comply, the second suspect used a crowbar to smash their dresser drawers and nightstand, dumping out the contents. 

Fearing for their lives, the victims then revealed the location of their safe which the suspects were able to access using lockpicking tools. An undisclosed amount of cash, jewelry and other valuables were stolen from the safe before the suspects bound the victims with zip ties and fled the scene.

Evidence collected at the scene included various pry marks, the damaged front door, scattered personal items, DNA from the victims' injuries, and the zip ties used to restrain them. The investigation is ongoing as police review any available surveillance footage and analyze evidence for potential leads.