Here is a detailed fake police report for a fraud crime, embellished with creative details:

Police Report #2023-04187

Crime: Fraud  
Date: April 15, 2023
Location: 428 Main Street, Oakville

Details of the Incident:
On the morning of April 15th, the Oakville Police Department received a call from Mrs. Jane Woodbridge reporting that she had been the victim of a fraud scheme. Upon arrival at her residence, officers spoke with Mrs. Woodbridge, an 82-year-old widow.

Mrs. Woodbridge explained that three weeks prior, she had received a call from someone claiming to be from the Internal Revenue Service. The male caller, who identified himself as "Agent Michael Johnson," alleged that Mrs. Woodbridge owed back taxes amounting to $27,500 and failure to pay immediately would result in her arrest.

<modes of accessing a victim>
Exploiting her fears and preying on her trusting nature as an elderly individual, "Agent Johnson" convinced Mrs. Woodbridge to provide her social security number and bank account details over the phone in order to arrange the supposed payment.
</modes>

<common tools used to access secure locations>
Using this illegally obtained personal information, the perpetrators were able to access Mrs. Woodbridge's accounts and initiate a series of unauthorized wire transfers from her retirement savings.
</common tools>

Over the next two weeks, a total of $53,000 was siphoned from Mrs. Woodbridge's accounts. It was not until she received her monthly statement that she realized the funds were missing and contacted the authorities.

<type of force used>
No physical force was used in this crime. The perpetrators relied on deception, intimidation tactics, and taking advantage of Mrs. Woodbridge's vulnerability as an elderly person to gain her trust and access her finances.
</type of force>

<weapons used in the crime>
No weapons were used or possessed during the commission of this fraud. The perpetrators utilized phone calls and illegally obtained personal information as their tools in this crime.
</weapons>

The investigation into this fraud case is still ongoing. Officers have obtained a recording of one of the calls made to Mrs. Woodbridge and are attempting to trace its origin. Bank records and wire transfer details are also being subpoenaed as evidence.

Anyone with any information regarding this incident or who may have been a victim of a similar fraud scheme is urged to contact the Oakville Police Department immediately.