Here is a detailed fake police report based on the provided parameters:

POLICE REPORT
Case No: 2023-04785

Crime Type: Robbery
Modes of Accessing Victim: Ambush, distraction technique 
Type of Force Used: Physical force, intimidation

On April 15th, 2023 at approximately 10:30 PM, the victim, John Doe (32), was walking home from his evening job at a local restaurant. As he turned down Baker Street, a dimly lit residential area, he was suddenly ambushed by two unknown assailants.

The first suspect distracted the victim by intentionally bumping into him and dropping a bag of groceries onto the sidewalk. As the victim knelt down to help the suspect pick up the items, the second suspect came up quickly from behind. He violently shoved the victim to the ground and demanded his wallet and phone while threateningly clenching his fists.

Fearing for his safety, the victim complied and handed over his belongings - a brown leather wallet containing $85 in cash and debit/credit cards, and an iPhone 12. The suspects then fled the scene on foot, heading east down Baker Street towards Main Avenue. 

The victim sustained minor abrasions to his hands and knees from the forceful shove to the ground, but did not require medical attention. No weapons were used, only physical force and intimidation tactics.

The first suspect is described as a Caucasian male, approximately 5'9", medium build, wearing a dark hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans. The second suspect is described as an African American male, around 6' tall, thin build, wearing a black jacket and black pants.

The victim was unable to provide any further details about identifying features such as hair, eye color, etc. due to the low lighting conditions and quickness of the incident.

The case has been assigned to Detective Jones of the Robbery Division. Canvassing of the area for witnesses and security camera footage is underway. Any individuals with information about this crime are urged to contact the police department's tip line.