Here is a detailed fictional police report based on the parameters provided:

POLICE INCIDENT REPORT
Case #2023-04619

Crime Type: Home Invasion/Burglary 

On the night of April 15th, 2023, officers responded to a 911 call reporting a home invasion in progress at 427 Maple Lane. Upon arrival, officers found signs of forced entry through a rear window of the residence. 

The victims, John and Jane Doe, stated that they were awoken around 2:30 AM by loud noises coming from the first floor of their home. Mr. Doe went to investigate and was immediately confronted by three masked intruders in the hallway. 

Modes of Accessing Victims:
The suspects gained entry by shattering a ground floor window in the kitchen using a pry bar. They then made their way upstairs to where the residents were sleeping.

Common Tools Used:
Aside from the pry bar used to access the home, the suspects were also armed with flashlights, zip ties, and a canvas bag likely intended for carrying stolen goods.

Type of Force Used:
<typeofforceused>Physical force</typeofforceused> was used to subdue Mr. Doe, who was struck in the face by one of the suspects before being restrained with zip ties. The other two suspects then proceeded to the master bedroom where Mrs. Doe was forcibly removed from the bed at knifepoint.

Weapons Used:
The intruders were armed with a pry bar used for entry, as well as a large hunting knife that was held to Mrs. Doe's throat while they ransacked the bedroom.

After tying up both victims, the suspects spent nearly an hour ransacking the home and gathered an estimated $25,000 worth of cash, jewelry and electronics into the canvas bag before fleeing the scene.

Fortunately, the victims suffered only minor injuries. The suspects remain at large and the investigation is ongoing. Police are canvassing the neighborhood and reviewing any available surveillance footage from the area. Residents are urged to keep doors and windows secured, and to report any suspicious activity immediately.