Here is a detailed police report based on the provided parameters:

POLICE INCIDENT REPORT

Case #: 2023-14875

Crime Type: Armed Robbery

Date/Time: April 12, 2023 - 10:32 PM  

Location: 125 Main St, Oakwood, NY 11572 (Jack's Jewelry Store)

Summary of Incident:

On the evening of April 12th, the Jack's Jewelry Store in downtown Oakwood was the victim of a brazen armed robbery. According to witness statements and security camera footage, three masked suspects forcibly entered the premises just after closing time through the rear entrance. 

Modes of Accessing Victim: 
The suspects gained entry by smashing the rear door lock with a crowbar. Once inside, they subdued the two employees who were cleaning up by brandishing firearms and making threats of violence.

Common Tools Used to Access Secure Locations:
In addition to the crowbar used to break the rear door lock, the suspects had a small handheld drill that they used to attempt to access the store's main vault. Unsuccessful in drilling through, they resorted to forcing the store manager to open the vault at gunpoint.

Type of Force Used:
The suspects used intimidation tactics and direct threats of deadly force by pointing firearms at the employees' heads and torsos. One employee was pistol whipped when he hesitated to follow orders, resulting in a laceration to his forehead requiring 7 stitches.

Weapons Used in the Crime:
The three suspects were armed with semi-automatic pistols, likely 9mm handguns based on their size and barrel length visible on the security footage. A large hunting knife was also brandished by one suspect and used to cut the security cables on the jewelry cases.

After tying up the two employees, the suspects spent approximately 15 minutes smashing glass cases and grabbing an estimated $375,000 worth of diamonds, gold jewelry, and luxury watches into a large duffel bag. They then fled out the rear exit to an awaiting vehicle.

The two employees were shaken but received only minor injuries. Police are reviewing available evidence and following up on leads, but no suspects have been apprehended at this time. The investigation is ongoing.

Responding Officers: 
Det. J. Callahan (Badge #4572)
Off. R. Perez (Badge #7293)